Admission Date:  [**2180-4-6**]     Discharge Date:  [**2180-4-20**]

Date of Birth:   [**2152-9-9**]     Sex:  M

Service:  MEDICINE
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Mr. [**Known lastname 28912**] is a 27-year-old HIV
positive male who presented with fevers, chills, headache to
the Emergency Room.  The patient was in his usual state of
health until last week while being on vacation in [**Location (un) 28913**].  He developed throbbing frontal occipital headache
eyes and dry mouth and the headache was alleviated only
slightly with ibuprofen.  About one day later, the patient
developed diffuse myalgia, began having shaking chills, and
noted an intense erythema over both legs and injected
conjunctivae and sclerae.  These symptoms persisted over
three days and patient returned from vacation.  At home, he
noted a temperature of 103.9 and came to the Emergency

On review of systems, the patient had not had any headache as
above before, is not photophobic, but does complain of a
stiff neck.  He did not have any visual disturbances,
photophobia, nasal congestion, sore throat, oral ulcers or
odynophagia.  He does complain of mild shortness of breath
over several months but is unable to quantify this in more
detail and shortness of breath did not limit him in daily
activities.  He does complain of a cough.  He is not
complaining of nausea or vomiting, chronic fevers.  He does
complain of tarry loose stools, twice to three times per day,
otherwise, has no urinary symptoms.  He cannot recall any
exposure to wild plants and animals or travels to exotic
rural settings.  He does not recall when his last PPD was
done.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:   HIV was diagnosed in [**2171-2-25**].
Until then, he had a stable CD4 count in the mid 300s and
never had any opportunistic infections or AIDS defining
illnesses until now.  He was in no previous HAART.  Two weeks
ago, CD4 count was 171, his viral load 200,000 and was
started on Bactrim for Pneumocystis carinii prophylaxis.
2.  Status post auricle cyst excision.

MEDICATIONS PRIOR TO ADMISSION:  Bactrim, acyclovir.

ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient is a single homosexual young man
who at the moment has no current partners and is not sexually
active.  He denies alcohol or intravenous drug abuse.  He is
employed as a coordinator for a program for the Pediatric
Justice Department, working with HIV positive kids.  He is
also a part-time veterinarian technician.  Recently, his
travel history included a stay in [**Location (un) 5953**] last week and
a stay in D.C. last month, Phoenix last year.  At home, he
has three cats.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  His temperature was 99.6.  Blood
pressure 116/62. Pulse 93.  Respiratory rate 19.  02
saturation on room air 98%.  In general, he is an awake,
alert and oriented young man, looks slightly uncomfortable
and is coughing.  His pupils are equally round and reactive
to light.  He has some conjunctival and scleral injection on
both eyes.  No oral lesions.  His neck exam reveals post
cervical tender lymphadenopathy and supple meningismus.
Auscultation of his heart revealed regular rate and rhythm,
no murmurs, gallops or friction rubs. Auscultation of the
lungs reveals scattered inspiratory crackles in the right
post mid lung field.  The abdomen is soft, nontender,
nondistended and only shows slight right upper quadrant
tenderness on deep palpation.  Bowel sounds are normal active
over all four quadrants.  There is no edema and his
extremities show no cyanosis or clubbing.  The skin on his
back and on both legs proximally shows a diffuse erythema
with no open ulcerations, no desquamations and no petechial
purpura like appearance.  On neurological exam, he is alert
and oriented times four.  Muscle strength 5/5 throughout.

LABORATORIES ON ADMISSION:  White blood cell count 2.3,
hematocrit 37, platelet count 133,000.  Differential is 57
polymorphonucleocytes, 35 lymphocytes, 6 monocytes, 1
eosinophil.  MCV is 85, sodium 136, potassium 3.4, chloride
102, HCO3 25, BUN 9, creatinine 0.9, glucose 92.

COURSE OF HOSPITAL STAY:  To rule out meningitis, a head CT
was performed showing no acute intracranial process.  A
lumbar puncture revealed 2 white blood cells, no red blood
cells, protein of 31, glucose of 53 in cerebrospinal fluid.
Because of his shortness of breath and to rule out pneumonia
as the source of his symptoms, a chest x-ray was performed
showing no cardiopulmonary process.  The next day, his cough
increased as well as his shortness of breath, and he became
hypoxic.  His 02 saturation dropped to 85% on five liters.
Another chest x-ray was done showing now an acute
interstitial and valvular pulmonary edema.  The heart size
now was borderline with diffuse interstitial pulmonary edema.
Predominantly perihilar air space opacities and small
bilateral pleural effusions.  Induced sputums were performed
and the patient was started on intravenous Bactrim and
prednisone for a possible PCP infection and levofloxacin for
any community-acquired pneumonia.  An echocardiogram was also
performed showing an ejection fraction of over 65% with
normal left ventricular wall thickness, cavity size and
systolic function.

As the patient continued to worsen and became increasingly
hypoxic, he was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care
Unit on day two of his hospital stay.  Blood cultures, urine
cultures, stool cultures were obtained, but were all
negative.  The patient was also feeling increasingly anxious
and was given morphine, pantoprazole, zolpidem, and heparin.
On day three of his hospital stay, the patient had to be
intubated due to increasing hypoxia and respiratory distress.
Another chest x-ray now showed a worsening in aeration.  The
previously noted pulmonary edema, which had predominated in
the central lung zone, appeared to have extended into more
peripheral portions of both hemithoraces.  It was consistent
with adult respiratory distress syndrome and possibly
superimposed pneumonia.  The patient was sedated through
Fentanyl, lorazepam and also received nicotine.

On day five of his hospital stay, hematocrit dropped to 26.7.
He had not stooled and laboratory findings were not
significant for hemolysis; therefore, an abdominal CT scan
was performed to rule out retroperitoneal bleeding.  The CT
showed evidence of bilateral pneumonia aspiration, mild
pleural effusions, but no focal consolidations and no
retroperitoneal bleeding.  To identify the source of his
infection, a bronchoalveolar lavage was performed but viral
culture was negative.  Influenza antigens A and B were
negative.  Respiratory syncytial virus [**Doctor Last Name 360**] was negative.
No acid fast bacillus in the smear was detected.  No
polymorphonuclears and sparse oropharyngeal flora could be
seen.  Fungal culture was negative.  Legionella culture was
negative and PCP was negative.  The sputum showed only sparse
oropharyngeal growth.  Cerebrospinal fluid culture was
negative for cryptococcal antigen fungus.  The HIV viral load
was 343.  Serology was as follows:  EBV:  VCA, IgG antibody
positive.  EBNA IgG antibody negative.  VCA, IgM antibody
negative.  Toxoplasma IgG antibody equivocal.  CMV IgG
antibody 385 AU/ml. Hepatitis A antibody negative. IgG
indeterminate, IgM negative, IgA negative.  HBS antigen
negative.  HBS antibody positive.  HBV antibody negative.
HCV antibody negative.  HIV antibody positive.

Stool cultures showed no ova or parasites. No
Cryptosporidium, no Giardia, no polymorphonucleocytes.  C.
difficile was repeatedly negative.  As Bactrim has been
described to be associated with adult respiratory distress
syndrome, Bactrim was discontinued on day five of hospital
stay.  Within the next three days, the patient improved,
still had fevers, but could be put on a spontaneous breathing
ventilator on day eight of his hospital stay and extubated on
day nine.  The skin signs markedly improved and his 02
saturation on hospital day nine was now 98% on four liters of
oxygen/nasal cannula.

On day ten of his hospital stay, the patient developed
withdrawal symptoms consisting of agitation, hallucinations
and tachypnea, which could be attributed to the high doses of
Fentanyl he had received.

The patient was transferred to the Medicine Floor on day ten
of his hospital stay.  A chest x-ray showed no significant
changes to previous ones.  The patient remained to be anxious
and agitated.  He also still had hallucinations and an oral
thrush could be observed and treated with Nystatin.  He
continued to have diarrhea, but his stool cultures remained
negative.  Blood cultures were drawn and were still pending.
On day 12 of his hospital stay, the patient was started on
Dapsone for PCP prophylaxis, but the patient developed a rash
on both arms and the back again.  As Dapsone is known to show
a cross reactivity to Bactrim in [**10-20**]%, Dapsone was
discontinued.  Patient continued to have fevers and further
blood cultures were drawn which are still pending.

On day 14 of his hospital stay, all medications except
prednisone and the nicotine patch were discontinued.  The
patient was seen by Physical Therapy and started to walk
around the floor.  Diarrhea seemed to have gotten better.
His temperatures remained at low grade.  On day 15 of his
hospital stay, the patient was discharged.  Blood cultures
will have to be followed up with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **], with whom he
has an appointment within two weeks and a Infectious Disease
Consult for starting of HAART and PCP [**Name Initial (PRE) 1102**].  His
medications on discharge are Nystatin and nicotine patches.



                          [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2667**], M.D.  [**MD Number(1) 2668**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern4) 28914**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2180-4-21**]  02:24
T:  [**2180-4-21**]  02:43
JOB#:  [**Job Number 14476**]
