Name:  [**Known lastname 6066**], [**Known firstname **] A                      Unit No:  [**Numeric Identifier 6067**]

Admission Date:  [**2114-3-17**]     Discharge Date:  [**2114-3-26**]

Date of Birth:   [**2079-7-15**]     Sex:  M

Service:

ADDENDUM:  This is a Discharge Summary Addendum for hospital
course from [**2114-3-23**] to [**2114-3-26**].  Please
see prior Discharge Summary by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] summarizing the
patient's Intensive Care Unit hospital course.

The patient was maintained on a one-to-one security sitter
after transfer from the Intensive Care Unit to the medicine
floor.  The patient remained fairly anxious.  The patient was
given Valium per CIWA scale.  The patient received sedation
in the Intensive Care Unit and had baseline agitation
anxiety, also with a depressed mental status secondary to
sedation in the Intensive Care Unit.

The patient was followed by the Psychiatry Service who
recommended continuing standing as needed Haldol and security
sitter.  The patient's home dose psychiatric medications were
held given his mental status.  His home dose psychiatric
medications included Effexor, BuSpar, and Seroquel; and these
were not given to the patient during this time period.

The patient remained stable from a medical point of view;
however, the patient remained on the Medicine Service and was
followed by the Psychiatry team.  Consideration for transfer
to inpatient psychiatric facility was recommended by the
medical team.

The patient was requesting to leave repeatedly.  The patient
felt somewhat slowed but did not feel confused and was less
agitated.  However, the Psychiatry Service recommended
maintaining the one-to-one sitter and as needed Haldol.  His
Effexor was restarted as well as his BuSpar; however,
Seroquel was still held.

Given that the patient was at risk of elopment, a discussion
with Psychiatry resulted in discontinuation of the one-to-one
security sitter, Haldol was discontinued, and the patient was
deemed ready to be discharged to home with follow up with his
primary care physician.

Per report, the patient did elope even though he was
medically ready to be discharged.





                          [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) 27**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 28**], M.D.  [**MD Number(1) **]

Dictated By:[**Name8 (MD) 6068**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2114-4-10**]  17:05
T:  [**2114-4-10**]  17:00
JOB#:  [**Job Number 6069**]
